v3.0, dev/how-to/deploy: add tidb-in-kubernetes-prerequisites doc (#1641)
pingcap/docs-cn: dev/TOC.md

    - [TiSpark 教程](how-to/get-started/tispark.md)
  + 部署
    - [软硬件环境需求](how-to/deploy/hardware-recommendations.md)

>     - [Kubernetes 上的 TiDB 集群环境需求](how-to/deploy/k8s-deployment.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [Kubernetes 上的 TiDB 集群环境需求](how-to/deploy/tidb-in-kubernetes-prerequisites.md)
```
